well it was a crazy crazy first series
many people came to flake West out but
they have moved on to the second day of
the gauntlet after winning today in a
three oh I'm here right now by met with
Moon Moon did you expect to do so well
against Dignitas because it feels like a
lot of other people that sort of
expected them to come out ahead I
definitely didn't expect to three of
them but we kind of just stomp them like
even games I kind of got destroyed early
game Game two
I try to strategy and they kind of
countered it but we still ended up just
shooting on them like pretty much
everywhere that so it seemed like we
were just the better team like in
general I think we were just better now
this is maybe reminiscent you have some
players on your team that have
previously run the full gauntlet how
much are they involved in like the
victory today and do you feel like their
existence on your team is giving you any
more confidence yeah for sure I honestly
don't think I played that well today I
think botlane carried for the most part
balls kind of got can't he took all the
pressure and bottling just on
theirs
it definitely feels good that we have
players that have already done this but
we already up and we can't
reverse sweep every series now so I
think we up what if instead you
just sweep it instead of reverse
sweeping if we just throw every team
that'd be pretty cool but I don't know
if that's gonna happen well I mean what
do you think the chances are that you
take this whole thing I think for me
personally I kind of feel like CLG has
the edge on this series like I cross
across all the different teams I mean
did you see it they did very well last
week you guys did very well this week
true true true but you know I don't know
they got more worlds experience maybe
either way I'm looking forward to
tomorrow's match but out of all the
different teams like do you think that
you guys can do the whole make the whole
run yeah honestly after we how we played
today I think we have a pretty good
chance we start to beat up us a 5 vs.
CLG and c9 I personally think CLG is
better than c9 that's what I was talking
about yeah so I think CLG will be the
hardest opponent if we can beat them
tomorrow I think we'll ride them amongst
them and make it world okay very good
and what has the last five weeks been
like for you guys because it's been a
lot of downtime and for me I often count
out the team like it used to be this
conventional wisdom of oh they have more
time to prepare because they don't have
to run you know if you get a bye and a
tournament that you've got but
oftentimes I feel like the teams that go
crazy they have like the best runs even
if they have to play a ton so you know
what's it been like for you at first it
was really bad because we weren't
getting consistent screams since there's
like 11 teams playing or an odd amount
of teams playing so we weren't getting
consistent screams the first two weeks
were kind of like wasted we were doing
what we could but it was really
inefficient and then after that we've
kind of just been bootcamping and it's
been going pretty well but not playing
on stage for five weeks is so weird like
I don't think I've been I wasn't nervous
in game but I was so nervous like last
night in this morning just because it's
been so long it feels really weird it's
kind of strange
now do you have anything that you want
to say to you know the flight quest fans
out there who saw today and they're like
oh my god it could it could happen
thanks for supporting us even though we
haven't done like all season and
we're ten toes down the gauntlet yeah
what is that phrase where did you hear
it I saw you tweeted that and then after
you got out you like reaffirm that
phrase like is this a phrase that's like
in the flight quest thing is this a Meem
I'm unaware of all I can say is that
were 10 toes out just like the Brodie
thing or ten toes now okay there's a
party on Sunday yeah I'm going I won't
say who's hosting and what's happening
but I'm glad I'll see you there all
right thank you so much for the
interview congratulations on the win
today for everyone else you can check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things eSports here on my youtube
channel a lot of people asked me
whenever I said that other thing about
double F charging me $5,000 for an
interview if that was real no it was an
obvious joke he charters me ten thousand
dollars in an interview please please
help me out
Travis CARICOM / support